1.14 关于优点：在书中p53页有一个对云计算和SaaS的总结，总结如下：
    1.  The internet supplies the communication for saas
    2.	Cloud computing provides the scalable and dependable hardware computation and storage for saas
    3.	Because of their reliance on Ethernet switches to interconnect, clusters are much 
    more scalable than conventional servers
    4.	These large clusters offer economies of scale
    5.	Taking advantage of economies of scale,cloud computing providers offer this hardware infrastructure as low-cost utility computing that anyone can use on a pay-as-you-go-basis
    关于缺点：
    1. Communication, to allow any customer to interact with the service. 
    2. Scalability, in that the central facility running the service must deal with thefluctuations in demand during the day and during popular times of the year for that service as well as a way for new services to add users rapidly. 
    3. Availability, in that both the service and the communication vehicle must be continuously available: every day, 24 hours a day (“24×7”). 

    其他：SOA 和SaaS 以及云计算的关系是什么？关于问题一该从哪个角度会回答
1.15软件复用的优点和缺点
    参考答案在p59页
    1、The third productivity mechanism is to reuse portions from past designs rather than
write everything from scratch. As it is easier to make small changes in software than inhardware, software is even more likely than hardware to reuse a component that is almostbut not quite a correct fit. We highlight examples that improve productivity via reuse withthis “Reuse” recycling icon.（利用之前的模块而不是重新开发，相比于硬件更容易去重用）
    2、Procedures and functions were invented in the earliest days of software so thatdifferent parts of the program could reuse the same code with different parameter values.Standardized libraries for input/output and for mathematical functions soon followed, sothat programmers could reuse code developed by others（标准化的输入输出让重用更加方便）
    3、Procedures in libraries let you reuse implementations of individual tasks. But morecommonly, programmers want to reuse and manage collections of tasks. The next step insoftware reuse was therefore object-oriented programming, where you could reuse thesame tasks with different objects via the use of inheritance in languages like C++ andJava（在开发语言中，提供了继承等机制来实现重用）
    4、While inheritance supported reuse of implementations, another opportunity for reuse is ageneral strategy for doing something even if the implementation varies. Design patterns,inspired by work in civil architecture (Alexander et al.1977), arose to address this need.Language support for reuse of design patterns includes dynamic typing, which facilitatescomposition of abstractions, and mix-ins, which offer ways to collect functionality frommultiple methods without some of the pathologies of multiple inheritance found in someobject oriented programming. Python and Ruby are examples of languages with featuresthat help with reuse of design patterns（抽象机制能够让语言提供比继承更高级别的重用）
    5、First, you can reduce the effort to build a program by finding existing code that you can reuse. One supplier is open source software. 
    Second, it’s advantageous to learn how to build code that makes it easier for successors to enhance, as that increases software’s chances of a long life. 
    Finally, unlike Plan-and-Document, in Agile you revise code continuously to improve the design and to add functionality starting with the second iteration.


1.16 书中并无提供直接的答案，需要参考其他一些资料
    1.unit testing makes sure that a single procedure or method does what was expected.
    2.module testing, which tests across individual units. For example, unit testing works within a single class whereas module testing works across classes.
    3.integration testing, which ensures that the interfaces between the units have consistent assumptions and communicate correctly. This level does not test the functionality of the units.
    4.system testing or acceptance testing, which tests to see if the integrated program meets its specifications. In Chapter 8, we’ll describe an alternative to testing, called formal methods. 

     unit testingmakes sure that a single procedure or method does whatwas expected. The next level up is module testing, which tests across individual units. Forexample, unit testing works within a single class whereas module testing works acrossclasses. Above this level is integration testing, which ensures that the interfaces betweenthe units have consistent assumptions and communicate correctly. This level does not testthe functionality of the units. At the top level is system testingor acceptance testing,which tests to see if the integrated program meets its specifications. In Chapter 8, we’lldescribe an alternative to testing, called formal methods.




其他：这几道题，是典型的从书本中快速找到关键点的问题，首先应该确定问题的类型，也就是从目录中找到是哪个章节，然后再体会问题的目的，仔细阅读章节，从章节中找到自己想要的答案。
也应该明确，在阅读完整个章节后，可能是找不到自己想要的答案的，这时候就应该去参考其他的资料了。