本周听力课讨论话题：
1、Talk about how Chinese people spend their holidays.
2. Choose one of Chinese holidays and talk about its origin and traditions.
   
3. Talk about a famous tourist attraction in China, like the Yellow Mountain.
Requirements:
1. You may choose one of the topics.
2. You may present your introduction with a PPT or a manuscript.
3. Every one should be ready for the discussion.

How People Spend Their Holidays
　　As is clearly shown in the table that there was a dramatic change in the way people spent their holidays between 1990 and 2000. Especially, in 1990, 63% of people spent their holidays at home, while the figure decreased considerably to 24% in 2000. there are three reasons for this phenomenon.
 
　　To begin with, with the development of market-oriented economy, people earn by far more money than they used to, making it possible for them to afford traveling expenses. In addition, people realize the importance of getting well-informed about the outside world in this modern era to develop their potential. For example, a traveller may encounter or talk with someone of a different cultural background so as to broaden his vision. Last but not least, by traveling outside, people are close to nature, which is not only beneficial to both their health and peace of mind. In short, more and more people take the occasion of holiday to travel outside and relax themselves.
 
　　As far as I am concerned, I prefer to go traveling instead of staying at home during holidays. On the one hand, I love meeting different people and take in some fresh ideas. On the other hand, it is agreed that the world is becoming a global village. No one could confine himself within his small circle of families or relatives. In brief, I have benefited a lot and will benefit more from traveling during the holidays.